What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

A .git meta file is created which keeps track of files and commits

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is where you move a set of files to be added from the working directory, so that they can all be commited at once

The Snapshot of Staging area and the repository are exactly the same before making adding the files to the staging area, to find the modifications between working directory and staging area "git diff" would show us the changes we made, when we say git add then there would be difference between repo and staging area and to find those differences we should use git diff --staged

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

By grouping the files that indicate a Logical commit and commiting it to git

Git allows you to label commits and these labels are called Branches

Whenever git warns of "Detached Head State" it means we are performing a commit without a branch label

Whenevr we say "git checkout branch-name", it has the same code as the master
git branch will show you the branches that are available

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches help in keeping a main version and a experimental version apart

You will be able to visualize the branching using the command 
git log --graph --oneline branch1 branch2

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
By helping us trace the parent

"git branch -d branchName" will allow us to delete a branch

for a merged commit it would be hard to compare it with its parent hence git provides us a command called "git show commitID" which is like git diff between the commit and parent

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
Merging results in adding the work done in the feature area to the main branch 

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Always merging helps us have better control of code while merging,