When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
When Collaborating with contributors remotely and also saving the work on cloud

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
To avoid conflicts that would come in from changes made by contributors

Whenevr we clone a repository git auutomatically adds a remote to it which can be checked via command git remote -v
The command for adding a remote is "git remote add origin url" and this adds the remote to which we can push/pull
For Pushing "git push origin master" will push the master branch to the remote on git

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Fork is when you have a copy and wish the develop your own version of the project
Clone is When you wish to push/pull changes between the online and the local Repository
Branches is where you are working on a certain feature which you wish to merge with the Main Branch after you're done working on the Feature

Git also stores a local copy of the remote on the local repository and in instances where a change is made on both local and remote a 'git fetch' would update the copy of local remote repository leaving the master branch unaffected.

Using git fetch and git diff we can easliy find out the updates made.

Post fetch we can merge the origin/master branch into the master branch and these statements happen when we say 'git pull'
git pull = git fetch + 'git merge master origin/master'

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
To fetch and compare changes before merging the changes and updating master branch

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Google Dcos etc but that would be harder to perform

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
This approacch lets us have the changes reviewed before we can start merging it to the master